In the last lecture I set up this wonderful quote,
now I want to pass some content with props. So I could setup a quote prop here and simply send a string
with single quotation marks inside there since I have the dynamic binding or without single quotation
marks and then without the column then too, a wonderful quote like this.
I'm sending this with the quote attribute I'm setting on my component
and then here, I can add quotes to the object which I therefore first of all need to add,
so props and here I would have my quote property and then I could of course here use string interpolation
to output that quote, like that.
Now if I save this, we still see a wonderful quote like before and that's perfectly fine, I can now
set it from outside. But maybe I not only want to set it like this,
maybe I wanted to pass some html code with that
and this does not really work,
I can't pass it like this or yeah I can pass html code,
we also learned how to output html code here but that is really not how I want to use that because
if I got a more complex html code, let's say my quote should have a heading, the quote and thereafter
a paragraph which says a wonderful quote.
well then I somehow would need to create a string out of that
and no, I don't want to do that,
that's the short version of that story.
So here I will remove this property binding and will remove the props property here too and will not output
it like this,
instead it would be nice if I could simply pass this block of html code by simply enclosing it in my
quote here, like this
and then I could simply output it here, that would be nice and I would have it in my template.
However if I do it like this, we see that's not working,
it's an empty box so that is not how that behaves.
How could we change this?
Well we can change this with a concept called slots,
vuejs offers us slots we can reserve for content being passed from outside.